Hi, I'm Mina Chetinkar-Randell. I'm a professor at Duke University and a developer educator
at Posit. This year at Posit.conf, I'm teaching a one-day Teaching Data Science Masterclass.
I've been teaching data science with R for over a decade, and I can't wait to share everything
I've learned over this time about successful data science pedagogy, teaching with authentic
tools, and doing so effectively and efficiently. Here are the top three reasons why you should
take this workshop. First reason is keeping up with the evolving
data science ecosystem is not trivial. Keeping up with it and deciding whether it's the right
time to update your curriculum to incorporate new tools or new features of existing tools,
new data sources, or new workflows, and doing so while concurrently teaching can be overwhelming.
This workshop is designed to share with you what's new in the land of teaching data science
with R and to distill for you how you can implement these updates in your curricula.
Second, successful teaching doesn't end with successful curriculum design. The computational
infrastructure you use for your teaching is an equally important part of a successful
data science course, particularly if your definition of success takes into consideration
the experience and enjoyment of your students as well as of yourself. In this workshop,
we'll talk quite a bit about how to set up computational teaching environments with Posit
Cloud as well as other server-based tools, how to use Git and GitHub for version control,
collaboration, and as your course management system, and how to teach reproducible authoring
with Corto as well as how to use it to build your course materials and sites.
And third, this workshop will supercharge your learning and teaching prep. In one day
of the workshop, you will pick up a wealth of information and tips that can save you
weeks and months of trial and error on your own. Additionally, you'll meet a community of
like-minded data science educators with whom you can stay in touch beyond the conference.
One final comment is that this year the teaching data science workshop is offered as a one-day
workshop, which means you can focus on your teaching on one of the workshop days and spend
the other day learning something you've been hoping to make time for all year.
Go to posit.com slash conference to register for this workshop as well as to find out about
all of the other fantastic workshops we're offering at posit.com this year.
Looking forward to seeing you in Chicago in September!